content/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
---

# Welcome to Tigertutoringtool v2

> [!important] Hack Club Showcase!
> Use these links to quickly jump to my favorite articles!
> The technical side of the website is what I worked on during arcade, not the content. 
> - [[Honors Chemistry Final Review]]
> - [[Mass Relations in Chemistry]]
> - [[Covalent Bonds]]
> - [[Hamlet]]
> - [[Into the Wild]]
> - [[10th-Grade/History/Europe in the Middle Ages/]]

This site has a long of changes from the old site. Mainly, this is a copy of my school [obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) vault. This means links are heavly used in this vault. Links show up like this one to [[Hamlet]]. This will also create a connection in the graph you can see in the top right corner. The exporer in the right functions slightly weridly. Clicking on the name of a folder opens what is called a folder note. Usually the folder note will just show a list of files in that folder. Sometimes, I want to write information in the folder note and when that happens, unfotunatly because of technicalitys, this means the list of folders is duplicated. What is important is links to folders do not work in these folder notes so you will have to manually navigate to the folder using the explorer in the right. I do recomend using the folder notes though, cause for example, in [[10th-Grade/History/Reformation/]] I give a brief overview of the content with key points. 

For now, use the explorer on the right to navigate to your class. If you are looking for a specific topic, use the search bar in the top right.

Coming soon:
- [ ] Comments (from the old site)
- [ ] A simplier flow to get to your class

Commit message:

remove hack club message and add support link

content/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
---

# Welcome to Tigertutoringtool

## All my notes for some reason

Thats right, almost all my school notes are published for anyone to see. I have put an incredible amount of time into this website. Keep it alive by [purchasing](https://buy.stripe.com/bIY00r4hm12H3ao8ww) Tigertutoringtool

This site has a long of changes from the old site. Mainly, this is a copy of my school [obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) vault. This means links are heavly used in this vault. Links show up like this one to [[Hamlet]]. This will also create a connection in the graph you can see in the top right corner. The exporer in the right functions slightly weridly. Clicking on the name of a folder opens what is called a folder note. Usually the folder note will just show a list of files in that folder. Sometimes, I want to write information in the folder note and when that happens, unfotunatly because of technicalitys, this means the list of folders is duplicated. What is important is links to folders do not work in these folder notes so you will have to manually navigate to the folder using the explorer in the right. I do recomend using the folder notes though, cause for example, in [[10th-Grade/History/Reformation/]] I give a brief overview of the content with key points. 

For now, use the explorer on the right to navigate to your class. If you are looking for a specific topic, use the search bar in the top right.

Coming soon:
- [ ] Comments (from the old site)
- [ ] A simplier flow to get to your class
